House Party Finder --- Installation Instructions

---

1. Open a console window. Do not cd to the HousePartyFinder directory yet.

2. Install ImageMagick at http://www.imagemagick.org/script/binary-releases.php

2A (Mac Only): If you are on Mac OS X, you must also install xz from http://macpkg.sourceforge.net/

3. Install rvm:

\curl -sSL https://get.rvm.io | bash -s stable

4 Set the permissions for ~/.rvm to 775:

sudo chmod -R 775 ~/.rvm

5 Install Ruby 1.9.3:

rvm install 1.9.3

6 Create a new gemset under Ruby 1.9.3:

rvm use 1.9.3

rvm gemset create house_party_finder

rvm gemset use house_party_finder

7. Install Rails 4.1.0:

sudo gem install rails 4.1.0

8. Close and re-open the console window.

9. cd into the HousePartyFinder directory.

10. Install and run bundler:

sudo gem install bundler
bundle install

11. Initialize the database:

rake db:setup RAILS_ENV="production"

12. You may now start the server:

./start.sh

13. Visit localhost:3000 to verify the functionality of the server.

14. Log in as the admin user using the following credentials:

User Name: admin
Password: admin123

If successful, make sure to change the password on this user using the Settings link at the top-right corner.

---

Updating House Party Finder

1. Open a console window and cd to the HousePartyFinder directory.

2. Shut down the server:

./stop.sh

3. Run bundler:

bundle update

4. Update the database:

rake db:migrate RAILS_ENV="production"

5. Start the server:

./start.sh

5. Visit localhost:3000 to verify the functionality of the server.
